♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Muting. Konnichiwa! ♪ Konnichiwa! Yeah! There we go! Hey! Hello, hello. Thank you for inviting me. Yeah, no, I mean, you're the one who offered to begin with, so. ♪ Interesting. So it's been quite a while since I've last visited your studio, so. Yeah, you seem nervous. Well, yeah, like, like this, like, so much going on, you know, like, it's like, it's live. Yeah, it's live, but you know, it's okay. Don't be scared. I, like, told them off. Not told them off, but I did warn them multiple times that, you know, you best be on your best behavior. You're kind of big. Let me just size you down a bit. Okay, there we go. Yeah, so that's why. Yeah, but thank you to the cronies that drew a beautiful Sally, so. Yeah, I was sending her multiple drawings, like, hey, like, so the fans, you know, I had a fan design for you. Which one do you like the most? And then she said this one was, like, you know, something that was most suitable to her, so. Yeah, like, kind of what I was expecting to be, like, opposite of cronies, so. Yeah, big thank you to them, because the drawing is beautiful. Like, a lot of the drawings were beautiful. And I was surprised that it was drawn in less than 24 hours, pretty much. Yeah, right? Yeah. And, you know, also has that small detail with your ring and everything. I know. I saw it, too. So cute. Yeah. Yeah. But, so, how do you feel to be on here? It's really, I guess, long. Like, if I say it short, it's cool, I guess. Like, I've never actually been on a live stream before, so just seeing everything happening, I'm like, how do you read all of this? Like, it's like I see a lot of hearts and a lot of blues. Yeah, that's, you know, that's because I'm blue. That's why, you know, it's to show support. Yes. No, no, the emojis are all blue, too. So I'm just like, but yeah, it's really cool. Big respect to all the live streamers. Live streamers? Live streamers. Isn't that what they call? No, no, no, no. Live stream. Live stream. Okay. Yeah. But what do the people call, like, that do live streaming? They don't call them streamers? No, no, no. It's just like, kind of, pretty much, they just call it live stream. Oh, it's live stream. Okay. Yeah. Live streamers. Live streamers. Oh, yes. Yes. Like, Normie to the max, yo. No, you're fine. I mean, I did kind of, oh, remember? What? When, like, I was calling you a Normie because you had, oh, no, no, I called you a weeb because there was this ad, like. Oh, yeah. Like, I don't know. It was some anime game ad. And you were like, what a weeb. And I was like, that's funny. And this ad started showing up after watching your stream. And then a few minutes later, like, an anime ad started coming out on mine. And then you called me a weeb. You weeb. Wait, I'm going to drink your water. Yes. Okay, so I was asking a question in the chat because, you know, we got to kind of figure out what to talk about and everything. So we listed some stuff down, like, like, what was it? Old man's beard. Yes, that one was so funny. Can we get her thoughts on old man's beard? Yes. Like, I'm surprised. Cronies know a lot about you. Because whenever we go for a walk, she'll always be like, hey, Sally, look, that's old man's beard. Did you know that you can light a fire if you're ever caught in a forest or, like, if you're lost in the forest, you can catch a fire? I'm like, shut up. We'll never get lost. Like, we can get out in like less than five or ten minutes. But yes, Crony loves to talk about old man's beard. Yeah, because it was very enlightening. Like, when I first watched that, I was like, oh, my God, this is revolutionary. I got it. I got to tell everyone that I know in case we get stranded on an island or something. We'll never get stranded on an island. But you never know. Like, the situations are just unpredictable. Life is unpredictable like that. But now that got me messed up because whenever I watch a movie or if I'm on a ride in a theme park, I see old man's beard. And then Crony would be like, hey, Sally, do you know, I'm like, shut up. I'm like, let me just focus and concentrate on this ride or movie. Yeah, but at least now, you know, you can brag to other people that you know. I do not mention any of those to other people. Why? Thank you. It's a good conversation starter. Man. So the other question was, how often do we hang out? That's not even a question, really, because we meet at least once a week. Like so often that I don't really count as like, how often do we meet? Because we just so casually meet all the time. Yeah. Don't we? Yeah. We kind of live close by, too. So we're just like, hey. So sometimes Crony will crash into my place. I usually crash into her place. I crash into her place to see, you know, Crony and whatnot. I'll just drop by and give her a little bubble tea. Yeah. And then I try to give you bubble tea, too. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Like I'm always like around. And then after I'm done with my stuff, I message you like, hey, do you want some bubble tea? Like, yes. You're like, yes. And you got this whole bubble tea list. Yes. It's like less ice and, you know, the shebang. The shebang. The shebang. With, what was it, grass jelly? Herbal jelly. Some people call it grass jelly. Some people call it herbal jelly. Yeah. I'm not really into that. I prefer like nothing or pudding. Yeah. She prefers nothing. Yeah. That's the stuff. I'm like pearl bubbles all the way. Oh, hey, Kiwawa.yeah no no she's she she like said something in the chat oh and you can catch that no like you know and then everyone's saying you know that's it that's her nickname my nickname no that's not your nickname her nickname her nickname yeah I'll think oh cute he well I guess that's like kawaii yeah yeah it's kind of you know like a cute way like you know yeah yeah and I would be like kawaii and you'd be sawie oh that's a trend huh sawie no no it's not a trend it's like what about ui yeah I guess yeah I mean it's like interesting it's it's confusing okay like it's unpredictable like that well not really life internet is more unpredictable you just try not to understand it's a good thing that you're not chronically alive what and then there was also another question that said any memorable moment with crony oh like there are so many moments hey hey but but really we have so many moments like yeah but then right now just just one thing that comes on top of my head we went to LA trip like a few years ago and it was we had a really tight schedule so we were trying to like squeeze in all the itineraries and one day we're like let's spend one day at Disneyland the other day at Universal Studios and then crony was like but why not go to a Six Flags the next day I was like trust me like LA is gonna be a hectic trip and you do not want to go to Six Flags on the third day and then on the first day when we went to Disneyland crony was like oh my god like you could even go and walk to the parking lot because it was so much walking and then when we got to the the hotel I was like crony remember tomorrow's Universal Studios I think you need to go to bed yeah no it's it's too intense like Disneyland Universal I mean I really like Six Flags but it's just it's just too hardcore you gotta wait in line for God knows how long and then you go on this joyride for maybe two minutes and then it's over and then you gotta wait for like an hour or two longer and then maybe go on six rides like and then days over exactly and eating is luxury too cuz you need to be so overpriced too it is overpriced and also you have to be in line for the next you know popular right before it has a crazy lineup yeah man but fun times fun times fun times it was good times too cuz we went there during COVID time so there were kind of no lineup oh yeah true that was yeah now there are too many people again yes I highly doubt well how they crazy itineraries like that yeah that's you know you're you're always the one planning I just go with the flow yes but my planning is kind of intense isn't it yeah it's really intense my zoomies stop talking um yeah but I wasn't gonna say maybe lose my track it's okay don't don't pay attention to that it's like it's like it's it's their thing all right all right so it says favorite game favorite game would be a little nightmare cuz I didn't even have the chance to know about any indie games but I saw crony playing it but surprisingly that game was really well played yeah you you you were watching me play and the pacing and the cinematography yeah I'm so good the color scheme and everything and like I was surprised now games these days they don't really have like instructions on how you should play it's just like you know yeah they just kind of drop you into it yeah the camera pants so that specific area so like you know you have to go there I was like interesting yeah like it ambiguous show-and-tell kind of thing yeah by the way where we don't need to speed through the questions we can just kind of like have a chill time and just talk oh yeah cuz we are going too fast oh like 16 minutes even 16 minutes yeah she she's kind of a boomer gamer yeah a boomer what is a boomer Oh boomer is like uh like an old-timer like old-school not used in a good way oh not like no no like they're not like talking badly about you they're just kind of saying it jokingly but do not ever call an old person a boomer because that's not that's not good okay okay yeah so you're kind of like an old-school gamer right yes I am the Lion King and Donkey Kong days y'all yeah remember yeah and we play Donkey Kong Country together and saving is luxury yeah saving is luxury like nowadays the switch version is a lot better because you can rewind but we played it on the Wii U right we then yeah was it on Wii U or was it on switch no I was on the Wii U yeah and that one you have to manually save you can't rewind so we would have to go through the entire thing yes yeah but the fact that it was able to save was a big deal was a big deal cuz because back in my days I didn't have any of that option yeah like I don't think we ever went past the first zone the the first King was a beaver right yeah that was really easy beaver was easy man you you really have to be good at it because you have like two hour you know like limit there's a two hour limit no for me because for my parents okay like we weren't really allowed to play games all night so we'll have like a two hour limit so during that two hour limit I need to go I mean yeah maybe you forgot to save no there's no saving no there is saving in the old game yeah well then my parents didn't have the memory card on the Nintendo oh okay so it's probably yeah and then there was the the Mega Man to Mega Man was so hard I mean I like Mega Man how he looks he's like super cool super cool looks cute but the game yo is hard it's like yeah I played it on stream for nostalgia purposes and then I was super angry it was it was good though but you have to be really good you know you also have to go in a specific order otherwise you're screwed because you go to the boss and if you don't have this specific skill then it's over well it's not really over but it's really difficult because if you have this skill you can kill the boss and maybe three or four shots but if you don't have it then you gotta like kill him with like 20 shots or something I know don't swear that's too much work for a little kid man yeah it is like Lion King was Lion King yo no wonder why like you know Simba had a hard time like I won't be here that's difficult man yeah like like for a little cup hey that's harsh that is pretty harsh like it was okay first stage is finding all the bugs special things um like do you ever go to the a scar stage I didn't you did yeah cuz I didn't get to meet scar cuz I have that to her I didn't know that man my to our limit yo I can't pass that uh scar stage well like I didn't pass it like you know back then either but I I like got the game mm-hmm and that had a safe state oh and I kept going it gets worse it it doesn't make sense like I thought the can't wait to be king level was really bad you remember that the the the was a drag